README.md, before:

# Plant Onboarding Wizard

A full-stack guided onboarding wizard for industrial plant configuration.

## Architecture

| Layer | Technology | Purpose |
|-------|-----------|---------|
| Frontend | Next.js + TypeScript | Multi-step wizard UI |
| Backend | FastAPI + Python | Parameter registry, validation, AI suggestions |
| Data | JSON files | Version-controlled parameter catalog |

## Quick Start

### Option 1: Docker (Recommended)
```bash
docker-compose up --build
```

### Option 2: Local Development
```bash
# Backend
cd backend
python -m venv venv
venv\Scripts\pip.exe install -r requirements.txt
python seed_data.py
venv\Scripts\python.exe -m uvicorn app.main:app --port 8000 --reload

# Frontend (new terminal)
cd frontend
npm install
npx next dev --port 3000
```

Open **http://localhost:3000**

## Features

### Core
- 5-step guided wizard (Plant Info > Assets > Parameters > Formulas > Review)
- Real-time formula validation with debounced backend calls
- Parameter filtering by asset type from a versioned registry
- JSON preview & download, full submission API

### Stretch Goals
- AI-assisted parameter suggestion (keyword engine)
- CSV import for bulk parameter upload
- Template system (save/load/delete configs)
- Light/dark theme toggle
- localStorage persistence (resume wizard on reload)

## Testing
```bash
cd backend
pip install pytest
python -m pytest tests/ -v
```

## Documentation
See [DOCUMENTATION.md](./DOCUMENTATION.md) for:
- AI prompt engineering reasoning
- Formula validation safety design
- Performance considerations
- Error handling strategy

Commit message:

docs: update README with track rationale and architecture decisions

README.md, after:

# Plant Onboarding Wizard

A full-stack guided onboarding wizard for industrial plant configuration.

## Track Selection
**Track B: The Full-Stack Wizard**

I chose this track because I have a unique skill in designing and building end-to-end pipelines, and I find the problem of streamlining industrial onboarding to be a genuine gap many companies face nowadays. Building a robust bridge between complex field descriptions and structured asset configuration is critical for modern industrial data platforms.

## Architecture

| Layer | Technology | Purpose |
|-------|-----------|---------|
| Frontend | Next.js + TypeScript | Multi-step wizard UI |
| Backend | FastAPI + Python | Parameter registry, validation, AI suggestions |
| Data | JSON files | Version-controlled parameter catalog |

### Key Decisions & Tradeoffs
- **Keyword-based Suggestion Engine**: Chose a deterministic rule-engine over a LLM to ensure zero-latency, zero-cost, and 100% safety for industrial parameters, while still providing "intelligent" suggestions based on plant descriptions.
- **Stateless Backend**: The backend is designed for high concurrency by keeping wizard state in the client's `localStorage` and persisting configurations as JSON templates.
- **Safety-First Formula Validation**: Instead of `eval()`, we use Python's `compile()` mode combined with a strict token blocklist to validate logic without execution risk.

## Quick Start

### Option 1: Docker (Recommended)
```bash
docker-compose up --build
```

### Option 2: Local Development
```bash
# Backend
cd backend
python -m venv venv
venv\Scripts\pip.exe install -r requirements.txt
python seed_data.py
venv\Scripts\python.exe -m uvicorn app.main:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000 --reload

# Frontend (new terminal)
cd frontend
npm install
npx next dev --port 3000
```

Open **http://localhost:3000**

## Features

- **Guided 5-Step Process**: Interactive flow from plant setup to final review.
- **Real-time Validation**: Instant formula checking with dependency resolution.
- **AI-Assisted Suggestions**: Context-aware parameter recommendations.
- **Bulk Import/Export**: Support for CSV parameter ingestion and JSON template management.
- **Aesthetic UI**: Dark/Light mode toggle with responsive glassmorphism design.

## Future Improvements
- **True LLM Integration**: Upgrade the suggestion engine to use a specialized RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) pipeline for even more nuanced parameter mapping.
- **RBAC (Role Based Access Control)**: Add authentication layers for different user roles (Ops Manager vs. Data Engineer).
- **Advanced Formula Functions**: Support for more complex industrial calculations with time-series historical data integration.
- **Relational Database**: Transition from file-based templates to a relational DB (PostgreSQL) for enterprise-scale scaling.

## Testing
```bash
cd backend
pip install pytest
python -m pytest tests/ -v
```

## Documentation
See [DOCUMENTATION.md](./DOCUMENTATION.md) for deeper technical details.
